dev-docs/next-steps.md, before:

# Next Steps

This document will be updated frequently to list out the next major milestones and development goals for this project.

## Short Term

- The queue-with-retry need to be integrated into the canAppend() function, so that new databases can replicate existing databases within the bounds of the rate limits of FullStack.cash (or other blockchain service provider).
- A read-all endpoint exists, but a read by hash endpoint needs to be developed.
- Add webhook functionality:
  - A webhook would be set up via REST API or JSON RPC command.
  - A webhook is triggered by the 'replicate' event of OrbitDB.
  - It should be possible to set up a filter so that only specific types of new entries would trigger the webhook.

## Long Term

- Create on-chain read and write endpoints for the BCH blockchain.
- Develop and interface [bch-ipfs-service](https://github.com/christroutner/bch-ipfs-service) so that this database isn't so dependent on FullStack.cash, and blockchain interaction can be done by any service provider.
- Add proof-of-burn interaction for the eCash blockchain.
- Add on-chain interface for read and write for the eCash blockchain.
- Add proof-of-burn interaction for the Avalanche blockchain.
- Add on-chain interface for read and write for the Avalanche blockchain.
- Create a cross-chain database that subscribes to blockchain-specific databases and merges entries from them into a master database.
- Add on-chain interfaces for the master database to each of the blockchain-specific interfaces.

Commit message:

fix(migrate): Adding DB migration tool

dev-docs/next-steps.md, after:

# Next Steps

This document will be updated frequently to list out the next major milestones and development goals for this project.

## Short Term

- A utility tool script needs to be developed that can migrate data from an old DB to a new DB.
- A read-all endpoint exists, but a read by hash endpoint needs to be developed.
- Add webhook functionality:
  - A webhook would be set up via REST API or JSON RPC command.
  - A webhook is triggered by the 'replicate' event of OrbitDB.
  - It should be possible to set up a filter so that only specific types of new entries would trigger the webhook.

## Long Term

- Create on-chain read and write endpoints for the BCH blockchain.
- Develop and interface [bch-ipfs-service](https://github.com/christroutner/bch-ipfs-service) so that this database isn't so dependent on FullStack.cash, and blockchain interaction can be done by any service provider.
- Add proof-of-burn interaction for the eCash blockchain.
- Add on-chain interface for read and write for the eCash blockchain.
- Add proof-of-burn interaction for the Avalanche blockchain.
- Add on-chain interface for read and write for the Avalanche blockchain.
- Create a cross-chain database that subscribes to blockchain-specific databases and merges entries from them into a master database.
- Add on-chain interfaces for the master database to each of the blockchain-specific interfaces.
